Goals - scenarios:
1 ---> 2
2 ---> 1
3 ---> 1
4 ---> 1
5 ---> 2
6 ---> 3
7 ---> 2
8 ---> 3
9 ---> 3
10 --> 3
11 --> 2


- Scenario 1 - G1
	Andrea works in Milan and, both because he really cares about climate issues and to 
	avoid traffic congestions, he usually reach his workplace by bike. Indeed, finding a good spot
	to park his bicycle is not that easy, as there are often many cars parked very close to the bicycle
	parkings where Andrea is used to leave his bike, and he is getting frustrated about this. 
	When he learns about SafeStreets, he decides to immediately download it on his smartphone and to register
	himself, providing his personal informations and his address, with the intention to report each time when
	a car is parked too near a bicycle parking, hoping that he will soon be able to leave his bike safely near
	his workplace.

- Scenario 2 - G1, G2, G3
	Unforntunately Luca's brother recently broke his leg during a football match and he will be confined to a 
	wheelchair for a few months. One day, when Luca is taking him to hospital for a routine visit, he notices 
	that the disabled parking where he usually park his car is already busy, so he is forced to look for a parking
	far away from the hospital. When he finally reaches the hospital, he notices that the car is not showing the
	badge that allows it to use that spot so, as he is registered to SafeStreets service, he logs into the application,
	creates a new report, takes a picture of the car's license plate, includes a short description
	of the issue and sends his report to the system. 

- Scenario 3 - G4, G8, G9
	Yesterday Michele was supposed to attend a job interview for an important company but he found a car parked 
	in a double row exactly where his car was parked, and that disappointed him a lot. Since he wasn't that 
	late yet, he had the time to send a report to SafeStreets and managed to find another solution to reach the 
	place where the interview was scheduled, with not too much delay. Today he wants to check if his report had
	already been evaluated by the local police, so he navigates into the application to his past reports and
	he selects the interested one; with satisfaction, he notices that his report was evaluated positively, and
	a traffic ticket was issued to the owner of the car, so hopefully this situation won't happen again.
	By the way, the job interview went well.  

- Scenario 4 - G5, G6, G8, G9
	In the last few months, the citizens of Cologno Monzese have been more and more complaining about the increasing
	traffic violations occurring in the territory of the municipality. At the moment local authorities aren't able to
	displace enough resources to catch most violations, so they decide to provide citizens more responsibility and
	register to the SafeStreets service as Authority. With the help of the citizens and the system, the local police is
	able to displace patrols in the zones where most violations are reported, issuing many more traffic tickets to 
	offenders (and managing a pretty good income for the municipality income as well).
	After some months, the municipality consults the statistics about traffic tickets provided by SafeStreets and notices
	that citizens are used to park their cars on pavements many times, so the local police decides to increase controls in
	the areas where this violation occur mostly, in order to make the offenders lose this bad habit.

- Scenario 5 - G6
	Sara would like to join a friend of her for a snack at a well known cafè in their town lately this afternoon,
	and as she has been studying the whole day, she would like to reach the place on foot to stretch her legs and
	relax. But to reach the cafè, she has to cross a road known to be very busy, especially at that time of the day,
	without traffic lights but with a single crosswalk which might be dangerous as well because in the past years 
	she sometimes noticed cars parked on it. Sara has recently registered on SafeStreets and she knows that statistics
	about violations are collected, so she decides to check whether in the last days someone has reported a violation
	of this kind in that street. Gladly, she notices that nobody has parked a car on the crosswalk for a very long period,
	so she will enjoy her walk and her brief moment of freedom.

- Scenario 6 - G7, G10
	For this Saturday, Nicholas is organizing a round of golf with some friends, and he is looking for the best
	way to reach the place by car without worries. With SafeStreets, he notices that the fastest road he would
	probably have chosen is highlighted as an unsafe area; in particular, in the last months some accidents
	occurred in the zone, including car crashes (sometimes with injured people). Since Nicholas is a cautious
	driver, probably he will choose another way around to get to the golf club, a slower one but safer, and
	he will warn his friends about the danger too.

- Scenario 7 - G5, G8, G9
	Davide is a policeman of Baranzate and he is well aware about all the traffic violations occurring in his
	town but, however, he knows that he can't notice and punish them all because he can't be everywhere at once,
	so when he learns about SafeStreets he thinks that it would give the police a great advantage as they may 
	check incoming reports instead of just wandering around looking for violations.
	As his department is registered into the application, he looks for all the reports made by citizens in his 
	town and checks them. Actually, one of them results as being a quite severe violation, so he selects the 
	option for generating a traffic ticket and activates a police procedure to deliver it to the guilty. Then
	he marks the report as verified and that a the traffic ticket has been dispatched.

- Scenario 8 - G10, G11
	Francesco, a system manager of SafeStreets, is responsible of collecting the incoming reports from the zone near
	Magenta. During the last three months, he started receiving many more reports from citizens as well as information from
	about accidents, sometimes with severely injured people, especially from a main road connecting small town of the zone.
	So, Francesco decides to highlight the road as dangerous to the local authorities, and also suggests to provide patrols or
	checkpoints in order to have a better supervision and prevent more accidents from occurring.

- Scenario 9 - G6, G7, G10, G11
	Matteo is the mayor of a small city, and has approved the project of including SafeStreets in the system of
	the municipality, to improve safety and citizens' responsibility in his town. Recently, his collaborators
	brought him to attention many minor violations reported by citizens, and as he really cares about his fellow
	citizens' welfare, he decides to check SafeStreets statistics to get some ideas about the situation, and to 
	take also into account possible suggestions from the system managers on how to prevent violations from 
	occurring in future.